the value that my my organization puts on education kind of various, depending
on what rank you are when you're kind of in the younger sections.
Maybe like a third class or second class. It's something that
me as a chief, I actually, like, take down If you've got all things
being the same If you were ableto take college class or two, um, compared
to other people in the unit, then ideo give you Ah, a bump on
that on your evaluation Later on, you'll find that many chiefs already
have their A's, Their bachelors, um, someone even have master's
degrees. It doesn't necessarily have to do specifically with advancement,
but you kind of see that the the more responsibility you take
on yourself to get education, the more people think of you in general.
Um, for awards, though, for instance, for sale of the quarter, Uh,
there is a block on there that says, um, hey, they completed their
education requirements, um, such as, like they have your bachelor's
or the masters, and it does give you a few points. Also, for your advancement
exams, there's there's a part on there where, um, that deals
with education as Well, if you wanted to keep going and let's say
you want to become an officer, then you definitely need at least a
bachelor's degree in orderto apply unless you're trying to become a
chief warrant officer.